doc: align installing manually steps with Zephyr (#8568)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_installing.rst

It also includes additional host tools, such as custom QEMU and OpenOCD builds.

.. note::

>    When updating Zephyr SDK, :ref:`verify the Zephyr SDK variables <zephyr:toolchain_zephyr_sdk_update>`.

Reviewer: I am worried that users will go to the linked page, see more links listing things to verify, and either click off, or go to those links and not understand that the key thing to check is that the Zephyr toolchain is selected.

A slight addition would prevent this:

```suggestion
   When updating Zephyr SDK, :ref:`verify the Zephyr SDK variables <zephyr:toolchain_zephyr_sdk_update>`. Make sure that the ``zephyr`` toolchain is selected, not ``gnuarmemb``.
```

>    When updating Zephyr SDK, make sure to :ref:`double-check the Zephyr SDK variables <zephyr:toolchain_zephyr_sdk_update>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   When updating Zephyr SDK, make sure to :ref:`verify the Zephyr SDK variables <zephyr:toolchain_zephyr_sdk_update>`.
```
See double-check in https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=TECHDOC&title=Terms%2C+abbreviations%2C+and+spelling+rules#Terms,abbreviations,andspellingrules-D

Author: Implemented, please re-check.

.. ncs-include:: develop/getting_started/index.rst

>    :docset: zephyr

Author: Nevermind the question, answered with comments in https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/jira/browse/NCSDK-15798 by @shantha-14 .
